---
tags: []
layout: post
title: Who Am I?
date: 2014-07-28T10:27:36-05:00
author: Adam
---

> Who am I? They often tell me<br/>
> I stepped from my cell’s confinement<br/>
> calmly, cheerfully, firmly,<br/>
> like a Squire from his country house.
>
> Who am I? They often tell me<br/>
> I used to speak to my warders<br/>
> freely and friendly and clearly,<br/>
> as though it were mine to command.
>
> Who am I? They also tell me<br/>
> I bore the days of misfortune<br/>
> equably, smilingly, proudly,<br/>
> like one accustomed to win.
>
> Am I then really that which other men tell of?<br/>
> Or am I only what I myself know of myself?<br/>
> Restless and longing and sick, like a bird in a cage,<br/>
> struggling for breath, as though hands were compressing my throat,<br/>
> yearning for colours, for flowers, for the voices of birds,<br/>
> thirsting for words of kindness, for neighbourliness,<br/>
> tossing in expectation of great events,<br/>
> powerlessly trembling for friends at an infinite distance,<br/>
> weary and empty at praying, at thinking, at making,<br/>
> faint, and ready to say farewell to it all.
>
> Who am I? This or the Other?<br/>
> Am I one person to-day and to-morrow another?<br/>
> Am I both at once? A hypocrite before others,<br/>
> and before myself a contemptible woebegone weakling?<br/>
> Or is something within me still like a beaten army<br/>
> fleeing in disorder from victory already achieved?
>
> Who am I? They mock me, these lonely questions of mine.<br/>
> Whoever I am, Thou knowest, O God, I am thine!

– Dietrich Bonhoeffer's poem, _Who Am I?_, written from prison
in Tegel, Germany on March 4<sup>th</sup>, 1946.
