---
author: olivia
date: '2012-02-21T11:43:00-06:00'
layout: post
tags: []
title: Clean
tumblr_url: http://jahnke.us/post/18016726855/clean
type: post
---

It was recently brought to my attention after some wayward coffee grounds got on the floor and I got down to scrub up the spill that our linoleum is absolutely filthy. Unfortunately this covers about 1/3 of our flooring. Also very unfortunate is the fact that the way of the linoleum design makes it so that even though you’ve picked up a ridiculous amount of filth, it doesn’t look that much different at a casual glance. However, once I learned how dirty it was, I had to clean it. I’ve spent many hours doing so on my hands and knees, with no end in sight. And even though you can’t really tell a difference, once I knew that it was that dirty I couldn’t leave it like that. This inability is most likely due to my upbringing, my parents taught me how to be what they called a number one servant (and a good German). A number one servant is when you see something that needs to be done and you do it without being asked, a really hard thing to do when you’re a kid, or just a human in general. However, I was thinking about how that has become a part of me and, one might say, now a part of my character, and I thought that even if we were not God’s own creations, not designed by Him, when He found us, He probably would’ve still had an impulse to help us, to clean us. It’s part of His character, and I think that’s so beautiful. Even though I still look like a clumsy and often mistaken human, God is cleaning me, and He’s down on His knees, using His hands and making me better. So much care and love.

I am a sinner, if it’s not one thing it’s another. Caught up in words, tangled in lies. 

You are a savior and you take brokenness aside and make it beautiful. Beautiful. 
